Cleanup E0749 (#75328)
rust-lang/rust: src/librustc_error_codes/error_codes/E0749.md

> An item was added on a negative impl.

Reviewer: @JohnTitor I think the "item" here like you said means "type". Should we change it?
```suggestion
An associated type was added on a negative impl.
```

Reviewer 2: Well, "item" means "associated items" so I don't think we should change it.

Erroneous code example:

```compile_fail,E0749
# #![feature(negative_impls)]
trait MyTrait {
    type Foo;
}

impl !MyTrait for u32 {
    type Foo = i32; // error!
}

> # fn main() {}

Reviewer: Do we suggested how to fix this? Is it clear that the user should remove the type?

Reviewer 2: Hm it's verbose for me. "item" here is ambiguous a bit?

Author: The explanation below isn't enough?

Reviewer: Just enough but it is not as straightforward.

Author: Hum... I'm not sure to see what's missing so could please open a PR with your vision? (let's switch position for once! :p)

Set me as reviewer on it so we can move forward quickly! :)
